## React SSR boilerplate project

A boilerplate project for React server-rendered apps. Supported features:

- Hot-reloading of frontend code
- Reloading of backend code without server restarts
- Server and client-side (https://reach.tech/router) routing
- Data prefetching (on the server) and data fetching (on the client)
- Polyfills for older browsers
- Linting and code formatting

Server data is prefetched in ExpressJS routers (`src/api`) and the response handling is delegated to an Express middleware that takes care of rendering React app on the server. The middleware adds links to bundles generated by Webpack, which are then loaded on the first page access in browser. The initial server data is serialized and then restored in the browser.

`npm run dev` to start a development server.

For production builds both the server and client need to be transpiled. Run `npm run build` to produce compiled version in `dist/` folder. Run `npm start` afterwards to start the production server.

### A note on polyfills

Polyfills are added only for features used by your code in `src` folder. If you find that any of the installed node modules is breaking your client bundle, you'll have to add the missing polyfills yourself, by editing webpack config to add an entry for polyfill script (see an example in `webpack/common.js:9`).

### Examples

With [styled-components](https://styled-components.com/): `examples/with-styled-components` branch.

With [MobX](https://mobx.js.org/): `examples/with-mobx` branch.
